Source: Google Drive — Copy of 2025-01-24 15-56 (1).pdf
Downloaded: 2026-04-08
---

2025-01-24 15:56 

Form 424

(Revised 05/11)

Submit in duplicate to: Secretary of State

P.O. Box 13697

Austin, TX 78711-3697

512 463-5555

FAX: 512/463-5709

Filing Fee: See instructions

STATE

Certificate of Amendment

Entity Information

This space reserved for office use.

The name of the filing entity is:

Rancho Casa Amigos, LLC

State the name of the entity as currently shown in the records of the secretary of state. If the amendment changes the name of the entity, state the old name and not the new name.

The filing entity is a: (Select the appropriate entity type below.)

For-profit Corporation

Nonprofit Corporation

Cooperative Association

Limited Liability Company

Professional Corporation

Professional Limited Liability Company

Professional Association

Limited Partnership

The file number issued to the filing entity by the secretary of state is: 804021458 The date of formation of the entity is: April 9, 2021

Amendments

1\. Amended Name

(If the purpose of the certificate of amendment is to change the name of the entity, use the following statement) The amendment changes the certificate of formation to change the article or provision that names the filing entity. The article or provision is amended to read as follows:

The name of the filing entity is: (state the new name of the entity below)

The name of the entity must contain an organizational designation or accepted abbreviation of such term, as applicable.

2\. Amended Registered Agent/Registered Office

The amendment changes the certificate of formation to change the article or provision stating the name of the registered agent and the registered office address of the filing entity. The article or provision is amended to read as follows:

Form 424

6

Registered Agent

(Complete either A or B, but not both. Also complete C.)

A. The registered agent is an organization (cannot be entity named above) by the name of:

OR

B. The registered agent is an individual resident of the state whose name is:

Donne

First Name

L

M.I.

Herchman

Last Name

Suffix

The person executing this instrument affirms that the person designated as the new registered agent has consented to serve as registered agent.

C. The business address of the registered agent and the registered office address is:

1709 Torian Lane

Street Address (No P.O. Box)

Southlake

City

TX State

76092

Zip Code

3\. Other Added, Altered, or Deleted Provisions

Other changes or additions to the certificate of formation may be made in the space provided below. If the space provided is insufficient, incorporate the additional text by providing an attachment to this form. Please read the instructions to this form for further information on format.

Text Area (The attached addendum, if any, is incorporated herein by reference.)

Add each of the following provisions to the certificate of formation. The identification or reference of the added provision and the full text are as follows:

Alter each of the following provisions of the certificate of formation. The identification or reference of the altered provision and the full text of the provision as amended are as follows:

Delete each of the provisions identified below from the certificate of formation.

Statement of Approval

The amendments to the certificate of formation have been approved in the manner required by the Texas Business Organizations Code and by the governing documents of the entity.

Form 424

7

1/24/25

Nancy Ludkowski